During the time when the Bible was written,
many people had mistaken ideas about the shape of the earth.
A theory written after the Bible was completed
was that the universe emerged from a cosmic egg
and that the earth is supported by various creatures.
In contrast, about the year 1473 BCE,
Moses wrote that the earth is suspended upon nothing.
And around the year 732 BCE,
the prophet Isaiah wrote that the earth is a circle or sphere.
These Bible writers contradicted ideas that were popular at the time.
It was some 200 years after Isaiah's day
that the Greek philosopher, Pythagoras,
may have proposed that the earth is a sphere.
And more than 3000 years passed
from Moses' writing until scientists, such as Isaac Newton,
realized that the earth seemed to hang upon nothing.